CLOUDP-185079: notify users about new SDK (#499)
mongodb/go-client-mongodb-atlas: README.md

Note that `go-client-mongodb-atlas` only supports the two most recent major versions of Go.

## Maintenance Update

> `go-client-mongodb-atlas` is currently under limited maintenance. 
> For new projects please use an official [atlas-sdk-go](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go)
> Please follow an official [migration guide](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/docs/doc_3_migration.md) 

Reviewer: A couple suggestions for wording.. mostly to make sure they know "currently under limited maintenance" doesn't mean it's temporary
```suggestion
`go-client-mongodb-atlas` is now deprecated and receives limited maintenance. 
For new projects, please use the official [Atlas Go SDK](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go).
To learn how to migrate from go-client-mongodb-atlas to the Atlas Go SDK, see the [migration guide](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/docs/doc_3_migration.md).
```
